FR #966: Improving dataset metadata (#1464)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/metadata/dataset/dataset_instance_id.md

> #Dataset Instance ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dataset Instance ID
```

> #Dataset Instance ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Dataset Instance ID
```

> The Dataset Instance ID is a data generator-specified unique identifier that represents a specific FOCUS dataset instance provided by the data generator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Dataset Instance ID is a Data Generator-specified unique identifier that represents a specific FOCUS dataset instance provided by the Data Generator.
```

> The dataset instance id of the dataset instance as provided by the data generator. This value is typically a unique identifier for the specific instance of the dataset.

Reviewer 2: something to consider:

```suggestion
The Dataset Instance ID is a data generator-specified unique identifier that represents a specific FOCUS dataset instance provided by the data generator.
```
### Notes:

- There is one more dataset_instance_id.md file under schema - intentional or?
- In that other file schema conformance and data artifact alignment are mentioned...
- BTW, I like the term "dataset artifact".

> Dataset Instance ID MUST be provided in the metadata. Dataset Instance ID MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dataset Instance ID MUST be provided in the metadata. Dataset Instance ID MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values. Dataset Instance ID MUST be a unique identifier within a data generator.
```

## Metadata ID

> DatasetInstanceID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DatasetInstanceId
```

# Dataset Instance ID

The Dataset Instance ID is a data generator-specified unique identifier that represents a specific FOCUS dataset instance provided by the data generator.

> Dataset Instance ID MUST be provided in the metadata. Dataset Instance ID MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values. Dataset Instance ID MUST be a unique identifier within a data generator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dataset Instance ID MUST be provided in the dataset instance metadata. Dataset Instance ID MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values. Dataset Instance ID MUST be a unique identifier within a data generator.
```
